[Qt] Readme changes from February 22nd to November 12th (#1350)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-qt: ArcGISRuntimeSDKQt_CppSamples/DisplayInformation/CustomDictionaryStyle/README.md

## How it works

1. Create a `PortalItem`, referring to a `Portal` and the item ID of the web style.
2. Based on the style selected:
*  If the web style toggle has been selected, create a new `DictionarySymbolStyle` from the portal item using `new DictionarySymbolStyle(portalItem)`, and load it
*  If the file style toggle has been selected, create a new `DictionarySymbolStyle` using `DictionarySymbolStyle.createFromFile(stylxFile.getAbsolutePath())`
3. Create a new `DictionaryRenderer`, providing the dictionary symbol style.
4. Apply the dictionary renderer to a feature layer using `featureLayer.setRenderer(dictionaryRenderer)`.

> 5. Add the feature layer to the map's operational layers using `getOperationalLayers().add(featureLayer)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add the feature layer to the map's operational layers using `Map::OperationalLayers::append(Layer* layer)`.
```
